HackSoc.org rewrite
===

This build system is based on [Node.js][nodejs] and [Handlebars]. It replaces the [previous system][Hakyll], which used Haskell and Hakyll.

## Writing content

### Index/home page
As this includes the most recent news articles, editing the homepage is done through `index.handlebars`. The 5 most recent news articles are rendered via `newslist.handlebars`, then `index.handlebars` itself is rendered, and finally passed to `wrapper.handlebars`. Note when adding events that every other `div.infobox` must also have the `alternate` attribute.

### 'Regular' pages
These can be found in `regular/`, and consist of a YAML header and a HTML body, which is inserted into the template `wrapper.handlebars`.

#### YAML fields
 - **title**: put into the `<title>` element of the page.

### News articles
Written in [Markdown], with a YAML header:
 - **title**: the title of the article, put into the `<title>` and `<h1>` elements and shown in the list of news articles.

The first paragraph of the article is shown as an excerpt in the news article list, Markdown requires a blank line (not just a single newline) to indicate a new paragraph.
### Minutes
For the moment, minutes are in PDF form and are put into `minutes/`. These are copied into the web directory, along with an index page which lists all the minutes in the directory. The filename format is `YYYY-MM-DD-meeting name.pdf`. Regular committee meetings are simply `YYYY-MM-DD-Minutes n.pdf`. The minutes page sorts these in ascending date order based on the filename, so omitting the date will cause this to fail.

### Templates
Most of the site is generated through the `wrapper.handlebars` template. This takes the content of the page, the title, plus some global values found in `templates/context.yaml`:

 - `servers`: controls the list of servers on the website banner
    - `name`: name of this server (capitalised, hostname only)
    - `href`: link to this server's README (typically just `http://<hostname>.hacksoc.org/`).
 - `nav`: links for navbar
    - `text` and `href`: fairly self-explanatory


### Server READMEs
Written in [Markdown]. Like regular pages, has a YAML header:
 - `hostname`: lowercase hostname of the server
 - `fqdn`: full domain of the server, typically `<hostname>.hacksoc.org`
 - `name`: purpose/subtitle of the server (eg "shell server")

Don't worry about a H1/title, it's generated by the template. All headings in the document should be H2 or below (`##`).

### Style guide
To keep a consistent style, the following rules are used:
 - Line length: text in news/ should not exceed 70 characters per line (the odd 71 is okay). Otherwise, documents should NOT use hard wrapping, and instead use your editor's soft wrap setting to display long lines of text.

More rules may be added so always check this section when authoring new content!

## Installation
### 0. Prerequisites:
You'll need [Node.js][nodejs] (with npm) to install and run this.
<!-- maybe add a quick link to install scripts? -->
### 1. Clone this repo:
```
$ git clone git@github.com:HackSoc/HackSoc.org
```
### 2. Install dependencies
```
$ cd hacksoc.org/
$ npm i
```
### 3. Run
```
$ npm start
```
This builds the site to the output folder `html/`, you need to run this command every time the content updates in order to keep the web version up-to-date.

## Adding features

[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/en/
[Handlebars]: https://handlebarsjs.com/
[Markdown]: https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax
[Hakyll]: https://github.com/HackSoc/hacksoc.org/tree/hakyll-last