---
title: AGM Week 8
date: 2017-02-05 00:00:00 +0000
---

Coming up later this term is our Annual General Meeting (AGM), when we elect a brand new committee to be in charge of the society's day-to-day operations. This is your opportunity to run for a committee position, and take charge. 

A large proportion of the current committee members are graduating, so please do consider running! 

The AGM will be immediately followed by Board Games and Cake, and is on Friday the 3rd of March, at 18:45, in Room LMB/038X of the Law and Management Building. LMB/038X is none other than the moot court room, which seems to be a great place for a committee election!

**To run or vote in elections you need to be a paid member of the society!** Membership fee can be paid at the AGM, before running or voting.

The returning officer for this committee election will be Mike O’Dowd, if you have any concerns about the conduct of the election, please contact hack@yusu.org.

The committee positions open for election are as follows:

 - **Chair:** Organises things, worries about attendance, represents the society where needed. In charge of the society.

     *Currently done by Mike O’Dowd (mpod)*

 - **Secretary:** Takes minutes at committee meetings, sends emails, books rooms. Second in charge of the society.

     *Currently done by Chongyang Shi (icydoge)*

 - **Treasurer:** Swindles you out of your membership money, and deposits it with YUSU. Handles grant applications and purchases. Third in charge of the society.

     *Currently done by Nathan van Doorn (Taneb)*

 - **Social Secretary:** Manages socials, both alcoholic and non-alcoholic.

     *Currently done by Alfred Norton (Alfie275)*

 - **Press and Publicity:** Manages the social media, put up posters, make sure people know what we're doing.

     *Currently done by Matt Windsor (mattbw)*

 - **Careers Officer:** Talks to the fearsome outer world, try to get us sponsorship, or at the very least interesting talks.

     *Currently done by Paul Dunn (PfoD)*

 - **Infrastructure Officer:** Takes good care of society servers, make sure nothing breaks or gets broken by someone.

     *Currently done by Charles Pigott (LordAro)*

 - **Ordinary Member:** No special roles, but just generally helps out with the running of the society and events. There are four ordinary member positions, two of which are currently vacant.


There are in total, an exciting number of 11 open positions. Seize this opportunity and run for one!

Furthermore, constitutional amendments can be ratified at the AGM. If you want to propose one, please contact hack@yusu.org. The deadline is noon on Friday the 24th of February.
