---
title: AGM 2019
---

It's that time of the year again &ndash; AGM time!

Our next AGM will be held at **7 pm in the Pod, on Friday, March 1st.**
For anyone not in the know, the AGM is the Annual General Meeting, where we will elect the next full committee.

In order for YUSU to recognise the vote, we must achieve quorum. This is **25% of all paid members**, so please do turn up and vote! If you cannot vote in person, then on the night we will be announcing nominations in [Slack][] and will be accepting private messages with votes to either **kma** or **davidjn**.

The positions available are:
 - **Chair**
 - **Secretary**
 - **Treasurer**
 - **Academic Officer**
 - **Infrastructure Officer**
 - **Social Secretary**
 - **Post & Publicity Officer**
 - 3 &times; **Ordinary Members**

The three Ordinary Members will be elected via the [Single Transferable Vote][stv] system, and the rest of the positions will be elected via the Alternative Vote system.

It is very important that **Chair, Secretary and Treasurer** positions are filled, as without them, HackSoc is no more and will not be recognised by YUSU! So please, do consider running for these positions!  
If you have any questions please ask away on Slack or by [email][].

If you'd like to nominate yourself, please email your **name**, the **role(s)** you'd like to be nominated for, and a **short manifesto** to [hack@yusu.org][email]. You can also **nominate yourself on the night** for as many positions as you'd like.

All nominations and manifestos will be available in a [Google Doc][nominations], which will also be read out at the AGM.



[slack]: https://hacksoc-york.slack.com "HackSoc Slack"
[stv]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_transferable_vote "Single Transferable Vote on Wikipedia"
[email]: mailto:hack@yusu.org "Email hack@yusu.org"
[nominations]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yw_V2wS5PWxkqh8XkHFq3gmg0y_AzqZgkq_Gpn8uSgQ/edit?usp=sharing "AGM 2019 nominations"
