---
title: AGM 2021
---

HackSoc will be holding its Annual General Meeting (AGM) on
**Friday 5th March at 6pm**!

This year's AGM will be held online. If you have nominated yourself
for a committee position, join using [this Google Meet
link](https://meet.google.com/oqe-djht-bmo) so that you can speak.

If you aren't thinking of nominating yourself for a position, then
please watch the live stream of the meeting instead! This will be
streamed using [our live streaming service](https://live.hacksoc.org/) -
a direct link to the stream will be emailed to you when the AGM
starts, so make sure you're on our [mailing
list](https://forms.gle/N95yNoonXnTQmgyL7).

The AGM is where constitutional amendments can be put forward, and
where a new committee will be elected. 

Our current Chair Chester Wringe will chair the AGM, and the Returning
Officer will be Luke Moll.

There is a **quorum of 20% of our paying members** for the AGM, so
**please vote if you can**!

## Constitutional Amendments

The HackSoc constitution is now stored and managed using [a GitHub
repostory][1]. If you would like to propose a change to our
constitution, please **submit a pull request containing the _complete_
text of the proposed amendment, ready to be merged into the
constitution, to the GitHub repository**. The amendment can take place
if approved by two thirds of the paying members present at the AGM.

The proposed constitutional amendments for this AGM can be seen on the
list of [pull requests](https://github.com/HackSoc/constitution/pulls)
for the GitHub repository.

If you have an idea for a constitutional amendment, you can open an
issue on the GitHub repository. The current committee may be able to
help you develop this into a proper constitutional amendment suitable
for a pull request, however this takes time so ensure you submit any
ideas as soon as possible. We will only be voting on complete,
ready-to-merge pull requests at the AGM.

## Committee Elections

We will be holding elections for all of our committee positions. These
are:

  - Chair
  - Secretary
  - Treasurer
  - Social Secretary
  - Press and Publicity Officer
  - Academic Events Officer
  - Infrastructure Officer
  - 3 Ordinary Members

**You must be a paying member to vote or run for a position**. If you
aren't already a paying member but would like to vote or nominate
yourself, please ensure that you [purchase a membership from
YUSU](https://yusu.org/shop/product/1724-hacksoc-2021) well before the
AGM begins! We won't be able to accept new paid memberships for voting
once the AGM has started.

The Single Transferable Vote system will be used to count the votes.

If you would like to run for a committee position (or several),
**please email [hack@yusu.org](mailto:hack@yusu.org) with your name,
the role(s) you'd like to nominate yourself for, and optionally your
manifesto(s) for those roles**.

You can also **nominate yourself on the night of the AGM** for any
number of roles.

You can give a short (max two minutes) spoken manifesto at the AGM and
answer any questions which members of the society might have.

The nominations and manifestos for the upcoming AGM can be seen on
[this Google Doc][2].

## Voting

Once each candidate has had the chance to speak, voting will take
place for ten minutes. This will be announced both on the live stream
and in our [Slack workspace](https://hacksoc-york.slack.com/).

Instructions on how to cast your vote on constitutional amendments and
committee positions will be sent out at the beginning of the AGM. Keep
an eye on your inbox!

## Committee Role Descriptions

You can read the full constitutional descriptions of any of the
committee roles on [the HackSoc constitution][1].

---

### Chair - Chester Wringe

Hi! I’m Chester and I’ve been your chair this academic year. This
mainly consists of making sure stuff is running smoothly, and helping
out the various endeavours of committee members. With a competent
committee, it’s not a lot of work, but you do sometimes have to sit on
people until they Do The Thing.

The primary responsibility of the chair is Chairing meetings. Here,
you need to make sure that everyone who needs to has their say, and
make sure that the discussion doesn’t go into hyper-bikeshedding
territory. With Covid-19, I also oversaw the move to virtual events -
as chair, you will probably have to push towards policy decisions like
whether events are staying virtual or not, and occasionally deal with
YUSU (although this, as with many things, you can delegate).

### Secretary - Ash Holland and Adam Birtles

o/ hi! I'm ash, and I've been half of HackSoc's secretary for the past
year, adam being the other half. we have the fun job of minuting
meetings, replying to emails, dealing with yusu's bureaucracy, and
doing all the other Admin Stuff required to make sure HackSoc keeps
doing things.

the job doesn't usually need a massive time investment, but it is
useful if you can keep track of dates and things that need doing.
having two people in the role means twice as many chances to remember
to get something done on time (though also sometimes twice as many
chances to forget about it...)

### Treasurer - Skye Fuller

Hello, I’m Skye, and I held the position of Treasurer for the past
year. My job has been really light, because of COVID preventing
events! But, my job is mostly around paperwork and liaising with YUSU
to organise payments for Society events and items, alongside filling
in the form for Grant application. There’s a good amount of stuff to
read and keep in mind (Charity by-laws, Yusu by-laws, etc), but it’s
mostly good practice and common sense, and Yusu offers good training
and documents to help you out. The job requires mostly keeping on top
of any emails, but the time investment isn’t huge, and is often quite
sporadic.

### Social Secretary - Daniel O'Brien

Hi! I'm Daniel and I've been the social secretary for the past year.
Given the nature of this role, what you end up doing will be highly
dependent on the situation at the time, given that'll influence what
sort of events we are able to run.

The role for the most part does not have that much of a time
commitment - most events tend to run themselves, with the exception of
filmnight for which you'll need to sort out obtaining the film voted
in along with showing it (whether that be physical or via
live.hacksoc.org)

### Press and Publicity - Aaron Christiansen

Hello, I'm Aaron, and I've been Press and Publicity Officer this year!
I'm responsible for keeping HackSoc members up-to-date by writing
emails just like these, sending out the weekly newsletter, and posting
on our social media accounts. From time to time I'm also involved in
meetings with sponsors or other societies to advertise their events.

This role is great because you don't need any prior experience or
expertise, and you can add your own personal touch to your emails and
social media posts!

### Academic Events Officer - Tara Harley

Hi! I'm Tara and for the past year I've been the Academic Events
Officer. This role doesn't require that much time investment right
now, but may require more when we actually host talks in person. As it
is it's just sporadically organising people and events. Most of the
events are around this time of year!

This position entails organising talks (and hosting them if we can in
person) and keeping up to date with academic events hosted by other
people that HackSoc members may wish to partake in, like Google
HashCode, the BCS Lovelace Colloquium etc. and organising groups for
group events.

### Infrastructure Officer - Luke Moll and Ezekiel Bethel

Hi, I'm Luke, one of your Infrastructure officers. I help look after
the society's technical aspects, including managing our (many)
servers, maintaining the backend of our website so other committee
members can edit it, and other miscellaneous services like the IRC
bridge. You don't have to be an experienced sysadmin to run for this
role, and it's an excellent way of gaining experience by itself. There
are loads of knowledgeable people in the society, so don't be afraid
to ask for help!

[1]: https://github.com/HackSoc/constitution/blob/main/Constitution.md
[2]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mBTgV9nGGegQGJ1uU9kU2MTeYILH-QjoQxK38V76-40/edit?usp=sharing
