---
title: EGM October 2021
---

HackSoc will be holding an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) on
**Friday 29th October at 7pm**!

At the EGM, we will be filling two committee positions - read on for details of
how to run for either of these positions!

- **Press & Publicity Officer** - Sends weekly newsletters, manages the society
  social media, and handles advertising our events
- **Ordinary Member** - Helps out with miscellaneous committee tasks whenever
  needed

This EGM will be held online. If you have nominated yourself for a committee
position, join using
[this Google Meet link](https://meet.google.com/mqj-euqh-tcz) so that you can
speak.

If you aren't thinking of nominating yourself for a position, then please watch
the live stream of the meeting instead! This will be streamed using
[our live streaming service](https://live.hacksoc.org/) - a direct link to the
stream will be emailed to you when the EGM starts, so make sure you're on our
[mailing list](https://forms.gle/cAsNCVFFiRdjVvif9).

Our current chair Ash Holland will chair the EGM, and the Returning Officer will
be Marks Polakovs.

There is a **quorum of 20% of our paying members** (or 10 paying members,
whichever is greater) for the EGM, so **please vote if you can**!

## Committee Elections

As stated before, we will be holding elections for the following roles:

- Press & Publicity Officer
- 1 Ordinary Member

**You must be a paying member to vote or run for a position**. If you aren't
already a paying member but would like to vote or nominate yourself, please
ensure that you [purchase a membership from YUSU for only £4][1] well before the
EGM begins! We won't be able to accept new paid memberships for voting once the
EGM has started.

The Single Transferable Vote system will be used to count the votes.

If you would like to run for one of these committee positions (or both),
**please email [hack@yusu.org](mailto:hack@yusu.org) with your name, the role(s)
you'd like to nominate yourself for, and optionally your manifesto(s) for those
roles**.

You can also **nominate yourself on the night of the EGM** for either or both of
the roles.

You can give a short (max two minutes) spoken manifesto at the EGM and answer
any questions which members of the society might have.

The nominations and manifestos for the upcoming EGM can be seen on
[this Google Doc][2].

## Voting

Once each candidate has had the chance to speak, voting will take place for ten
minutes. This will be announced both on the live stream and in our
[Slack workspace](https://hacksoc-york.slack.com/).

Instructions on how to cast your vote on constitutional amendments and committee
positions will be sent out at the beginning of the EGM. Keep an eye on your
inbox!

## Constitutional Amendments

At the EGM, we will also vote on any constitutional amendments which have been
proposed.

The HackSoc constitution is now stored and managed using
[a GitHub repostory][3]. If you would like to propose a change to our
constitution, please **submit a pull request containing the _complete_ text of
the proposed amendment, ready to be merged into the constitution, to the GitHub
repository**. The amendment can take place if approved by two thirds of the
paying members present at the EGM.

The proposed constitutional amendments for this EGM can be seen on the list of
[pull requests](https://github.com/HackSoc/constitution/pulls) for the GitHub
repository.

If you have an idea for a constitutional amendment, you can open an issue on the
GitHub repository. The current committee may be able to help you develop this
into a proper constitutional amendment suitable for a pull request, however this
takes time so ensure you submit any ideas as soon as possible. We will only be
voting on complete, ready-to-merge pull requests at the EGM.

[1]: https://yusu.org/shop/product/4112-hacksoc-2122
[2]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aDimw_pWbHTzE9g-O8Cj-wniUGzLLr0RESlhhWUZkdc/edit
[3]: https://github.com/HackSoc/constitution/blob/master/Constitution.md
