---
layout: post
title: AGM Week 5
date: 2014-01-22 00:00:00 +0000
---

As you may know, this term we are having our AGM! We need to hold
elections, and this is your opportunity to seize power and overthrow
the old regime!

The AGM will be immediately followed by HackPub, and is on Friday the
7th of February, at 19:30 in G/001.

**To run or vote in elections you need to be a paid member of the
society!**

The committee positions are as follows:

 - **Chair:** organises things, worries about attendance, represents the
     society where needed. In charge of the society.

     *Currently done by me (barrucadu)*

 - **Secretary:** takes minutes at committee meetings, sends emails,
     books rooms. Second in charge of the society.

     *Currently done by David (qlkzy)*

 - **Treasurer:** swindles you out of your membership money, and
     deposits it with YUSU. Handles grant applications and the
     like. Third in charge of the society.

     *Currently done by Andrei (matzipan)*

 - **Crockery Officer:** cares for and replenishes the society's
     collection of paper plates, napkins, plastic cups (etc.), and
     organises and runs regular socials.

     *Currently done by Lauren (lauren)*

 - **Society Crier:** helps with advertising the society and its
     events, and manages the social media presence.

     *Currently done by Shivam (Speed\`)*

 - **Ordinary Member:** has no special roles, but just generally helps
     out with the running of the society and events. Can't vote in
     committee decisions.

     *Can be held by any number of people*

We've started giving Ordinary Members responsibilities, in particular
one now maintains the servers. This is optional, but it would be
helpful if someone would assume that role.

Furthermore, constitutional amendments can be ratified at the AGM. If
you want to propose one, the deadline is NOON on Wednesday the 29th of
January.
